WIP: UTF-8 in Mimir (#6898)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Grafana Mimir

> * [CHANGE] Alertmanager: CLI flag `-utf8-strict-mode` has been added, and its default value is set to `true`. #6898

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Alertmanager: Added `-alertmanager.utf8-strict-mode` to control support for any UTF-8 character as part of Alertmanager configuration/API matchers and labels. It's default value is set to `false`. #6898
```

Reviewer: I think this is a feature more than a change, we tend to use whole flag and the default value is actually false.

Author: Good catch on the true/false. I copied another CHANGELOG as an example and forgot to change this.
